the tiny wonder that I've come halfway
around the world to find the blue ringed
octopus the ones that have found here
around Sydney are called blue lined
octopus because all running down the
surface of the mantle you can see great
big long neon lights oh look at that
bright bright color change gorgeous and
but they're still in the blue ringed
octopus group and to show you how it got
its name all I need to do is agitated
very slightly and you should see the
plainly colored animal take on
incredible agitated colors bright neon
blue circles look at Wow it's just
electric these are classic warning
colors and they're obviously used to
intimidate animals that might want to
feast on a blue ringed octopus that
would be a very very bad idea because
this is one of the most toxic creatures
on earth though glorious neon flash
colors tell other predators to just swim
on by